ISPN-13483 Create global commands for site CLI command (#9705)
infinispan/infinispan: cli/src/main/resources/help/site.adoc

OPTIONS
-------
*-c, --cache*='CACHE_NAME'::
Specifies a cache.

*-a, --all-caches*::

> Applies the command to all caches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applies the command to all caches.
```

> *--cache*='CACHE_NAME'::

Reviewer 2: *-c,--cache*='CACHE_NAME'::

Specifies a cache.

> *--all-caches*::

Reviewer 2: *-a,--all-caches*::

Applies the command to all caches

> *--site*='SITE_NAME'::

Reviewer 2: *-s,--site*='SITE_NAME'::

`site status --cache=mycache` +
Returns the status of all backup locations for `mycache`.

`site status --all-caches` +

> Returns the status of all backup locations for all caches with backups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the status of each backup location for all caches with backups.
```
